## Create entity objects

We are now going to create our entity objects. 

### 1. Adding JPA dependencies

Add the following to the pom.xml

```XML
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-data-jpa</artifactId>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-data-rest</artifactId>
        </dependency>
```

### Create Entity class for Administrator

1. Create a package for the domain objects e.g. 'net.midgard.medrec.domain'

2. Create a Java class 'Administrator' and modify it to the following:

```Java

package net.midgard.medrec.domain;

import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonCreator;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonIgnore;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty;

import javax.persistence.Column;
import javax.persistence.Entity;
import javax.persistence.GeneratedValue;
import javax.persistence.GenerationType;
import javax.persistence.Id;
import javax.persistence.Table;
import javax.transaction.Transactional;
import lombok.Data;

@Entity
@Table(name = "Administrators")
@Transactional
public @Data
class Administrator {

    @Id
    @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.AUTO)
    private int id;

    @Column(name = "username")
    private String username;

    @JsonIgnore
    @Column(name = "password")
    private String password;

    @Column(name = "email")
    private String email;

    @Column(name = "country")
    private String country;

    public Administrator() {
   
    }
    
    @JsonCreator
    public Administrator(@JsonProperty("username") String username, @JsonProperty("password") String password, @JsonProperty("email") String email, @JsonProperty("country") String country ) {
        this.username = username;
        this.email = email;
        this.country = country;
    }
}
```

### Create classes for additional entities

The following describes the entities that we'll be using in this application:


#### 1. Patients

Patient is a person receiving or registered to receive medical treatment.

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- First Name
- Last Name
- Username
- Password
- Date of Birth
- Email
- Gender
- Phone
- TFN (Tax File Number)
- Status
- Address 1
- Address 2
- City
- State
- Country
- Postcode

#### 2. Physicians

Physician is a person qualified to practise medicine, especially one who specialises in diagnosis and medical treatment.

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- First Name
- Last Name
- Username
- Password
- Email
- Phone
- Speciality

#### 3. Appointments

Medical appointments between a Patient and a Physician in order to undergo a medical procedure.

##### Required attributes:
- Id
- Name
- Physician Id
- Patient Id
- Day
- Time
- Notes

#### 4. Prescriptions

Prescriptions are instructions written by a medical practitioner that authorises a patient to be issued with a medicine or treatment.

##### Required attributes:
- Id
- Name
- Physician Id
- Patient Id
- Date Commenced
- Medical drugs
- Dosage
- Frequency
- Max Repeats
- Current Requests
- Notes

#### 5. Observations

Patients Medical ~~Measures~~ Observation are a series of constant recordings on a patient's record that help understand pre-existing conditions, diagnosis and potential treatments. Examples of Patient's Medical ~~measures~~ observations are: weight, temperature, blood pressure, stress level, heart beat, etc.

The term 'observation' is used in the HL7 standards (ie OBX - Observation Segment, ORU - Observational Report Unsolicited).

Not all observations are immediate. Some observations requires further research and analysis and hence there is time between executing the test and the results of the test.

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- Patient Id
- Name
- Type
- Recording device 
- Date of observation
- Value
- Unit
- Producer
- Probability
- Status
- Notes

#### 6. Drugs

A pharmaceutical drug (also referred to as medicine, medication, or simply as drug) is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat, or prevent disease.

>    N.B: This is just an inventory of Drugs. In order to prescribe drugs, see "Prescriptions"

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- Name
- Side Effects
- Pharmaceutical Company

#### 7. Conditions

A condition is a disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, especially one that produces specific symptoms or that affects a specific location and is not simply a direct result of physical injury.

>    N.B: This is just an catalogue of Diseases. In order to prescribe treatments, see "Prescriptions"

This can eventually be extended into the demographics and mutations. This leads into Healthcare Analytics and Precision Medicine as well Population Health. This is linked to occurrences where this condition has occurred. This is more as by designed and the reference data. The occurrence of an condition is mapped to a patient.

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- Name
- Symptoms (This is a submodel of threshold conditions based upon observations)
- Treatment (This is a submodel of prescriptions)

#### 8. Occurrences

An occurrence is an event where a patient has been detected to have a certain condition.

#####  Required attributes:

- Id
- Patient Id
- Physician Id
- Date
- Time
- Condition
- Location

#### 9. Records

Medical records are specific events that are linked to a patient. This creates a longitudinal view of the patient and 'their journey'. Different events can be:
- Occurrences
- Appointments
- Prescriptions
- Observations
But also
- Drug Injestion
- Activity (health, work, diet)

##### Required attributes:

- Id
- Patient Id
- Date
- Time
- Link to Observation
- Link to Prescription
- Link to Occurrence
- Link to Appointment

<hr />
<a href="/tutorials" class="btn" >Back to Tutorial Main Page</a>
<hr />

